Add warning about outbox cleanup when running RavenDB in multi-tenant mode (#4774)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/ravendb/outbox.md

partial: disable-cleanup

> WARN: When running in [multi-tenant mode](/persistence/ravendb.md#multi-tenant-support) cleanup needs to be handled manually since NServiceBus can't know what databases are in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARN: When running in [multi-tenant mode](/persistence/ravendb.md#multi-tenant-support), cleanup needs to be manually handled since NServiceBus does not know what databases are in use.
```
